[DOC] Clarify Interaction of JVM Memory Settings via OPENSEARCH_JAVA_OPTS with Default Values (#7564)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _install-and-configure/install-opensearch/index.md

- `OPENSEARCH_JAVA_OPTS=-Xms512m -Xmx512m`

  Sets the size of the Java heap (we recommend half of system RAM).
  

>   It's important to note that OpenSearch defaults to `-Xms1g -Xmx1g` for heap memory allocation, which take precedence over configurations specified using percentage notation (`-XX:MinRAMPercentage`, `-XX:MaxRAMPercentage`). For example, if you set `OPENSEARCH_JAVA_OPTS=-XX:MinRAMPercentage=30 -XX:MaxRAMPercentage=70`, the predefined `-Xms1g -Xmx1g` values will override these settings. When using `OPENSEARCH_JAVA_OPTS` to define memory allocation, ensure you use the `-Xms` and `-Xmx` notation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 OpenSearch defaults to `-Xms1g -Xmx1g` for heap memory allocation, which take precedence over configurations specified using percentage notation (`-XX:MinRAMPercentage`, `-XX:MaxRAMPercentage`). For example, if you set `OPENSEARCH_JAVA_OPTS=-XX:MinRAMPercentage=30 -XX:MaxRAMPercentage=70`, the predefined `-Xms1g -Xmx1g` values will override these settings. When using `OPENSEARCH_JAVA_OPTS` to define memory allocation, make sure you use the `-Xms` and `-Xmx` notation.
{: .note}
```
